README.md, before:

# Elastic Maps Service Landing Page


The Elastic Maps Landing Page is a previewer of the data of the Elastic Maps Service. It allows users to browse the data
that is available within EMS.

## Development

The page is designed as a single-page application. It loads the root manifest from EMS using a cross-domain call. This
is similar to how Kibana retrieves the manifest from EMS.

Please carefully review the CONTRIBUTING.md document before submitting any pull requests.

### Prerequisites

`yarn` is used as the dependency manager and script runner for this project. Ensure both `node` and `yarn` are installed on your system.

`webpack` is used for Javascript transpilation.

`grunt` is used for creating a distributable package of the app.

To use the recommended node version for running the dev and compile tasks, you can use

> nvm use

### Running the page locally

#### Install dependencies

> yarn install

#### Start the babel compilation and watch task

> yarn dev

Keep this running. The javascript/css will be automatically recompiled when files change.

#### Open the page

Open `public/index.html`

You can run the page either from the file-system or any web-server.

## Packaging

To package the app, run the build script.

> yarn build

This script will put the relevant resources of the app in the `./build/release/**` folder.

If any intermediate tasks break before packaging, such as a javascript linting or compilation failure, the build-script will error out.
Fix the errors, and redeploy.

## Continuous Integration and Deployment
* When a PR is merged Jenkins will run `deployStaging.sh` script, which will place code into the staging bucket.
* Deploying to production requires manually triggering [this Jenkins job](https://kibana-ci.elastic.co/job/elastic+ems-landing-page+deploy/) to run the [deployProduction.sh](deployProduction.sh) script. This will rsync files in all branches to the production bucket. To trigger, log in and click the "Build with Parameters" link.
* On the day of release, update the [default `root_branch`](https://github.com/elastic/ems-landing-page/blob/master/.ci/jobs/defaults.yml#L22). This will update the default webpage (https://maps.elastic.co) to the current release.

Commit message:

[v7.6] Load config file at runtime (#163) | Configurable client-side https redirect (#165) | Allow relative API URLs in config (#181) (#197)
* Allow relative API URLs in config (#181)

* Allow relative API URLs in config

* Add a transformRequest param to mapbox to coerce to absolute URLs in stylesheets when necessary

* Fix ems-client dependency version

* Configurable client-side https redirect (#165)

* Inject client-side https redirect via webpack plugin

The `httpsRedirect` option in HTMLWebpackPlugin can be set to `false` to disable the client-side https redirect.

* Add httpOnly parameter

This parameter can be passed to yarn dev or yarn compile to skip injecting the client-side HTTPS redirect.

* Undo IDE auto-formatting

* Review feedback

* Allow relative API URLs in config (#181)

* Allow relative API URLs in config

* Add a transformRequest param to mapbox to coerce to absolute URLs in stylesheets when necessary

* Fix ems-client dependency version

* Replace grunt dependency with npm scripts (#167)

* Remove duplicate option from merge

README.md, after:

# Elastic Maps Service Landing Page


The Elastic Maps Landing Page is a previewer of the data of the Elastic Maps Service. It allows users to browse the data
that is available within EMS.

## Development

The page is designed as a single-page application. It loads the root manifest from EMS using a cross-domain call. This
is similar to how Kibana retrieves the manifest from EMS.

Please carefully review the CONTRIBUTING.md document before submitting any pull requests.

### Prerequisites

`yarn` is used as the dependency manager and script runner for this project. Ensure both `node` and `yarn` are installed on your system.

`webpack` is used for Javascript transpilation.

To use the recommended node version for running the dev and compile tasks, you can use

> nvm use

### Running the page locally

#### Install dependencies

> yarn install

#### Start the babel compilation and watch task

> yarn dev

Keep this running. The javascript/css will be automatically recompiled when files change.

#### Open the page

Open `public/index.html`

You can run the page either from the file-system or any web-server.

## Packaging

To package the app, run the build script.

> yarn build

This script will put the relevant resources of the app in the `./build/release/**` folder.

If any intermediate tasks break before packaging, such as a javascript linting or compilation failure, the build-script will error out.
Fix the errors, and redeploy.

## HTTPS
By default, the client will redirect HTTP protocols to HTTPS. This can be disabled by setting the `httpOnly` environment variable, e.g. `httpOnly=YES yarn dev` or `httpOnly=YES yarn compile`.

## Continuous Integration and Deployment
* When a PR is merged Jenkins will run `deployStaging.sh` script, which will place code into the staging bucket.
* Deploying to production requires manually triggering [this Jenkins job](https://kibana-ci.elastic.co/job/elastic+ems-landing-page+deploy/) to run the [deployProduction.sh](deployProduction.sh) script. This will rsync files in all branches to the production bucket. To trigger, log in and click the "Build with Parameters" link.
* On the day of release, update the [default `root_branch`](https://github.com/elastic/ems-landing-page/blob/master/.ci/jobs/defaults.yml#L22). This will update the default webpage (https://maps.elastic.co) to the current release.
